Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
So many books, so little time.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
People are illogical, unreasonable, and self-centered; Love them anyway.
If you are successful, you will win false friends and true enemies; Succeed anyway.

